SPEAKER_00: brought you in today? Sure, I'm just having a lot of chest pain and so I thought I should get it
SPEAKER_01: checked out. Okay, and before we start, could you remind me of your gender and age? Sure, 39, I'm a male.
UNKNOWN: Okay, and so when did this chest pain start? It started last night, but it's becoming sharper.
SPEAKER_01: Okay, and where is this pain located? It's located on the left side of my chest. Okay,
SPEAKER_01: and so how long has it been going on for than if it started last night? So I guess it would be a
SPEAKER_01: couple hours now, maybe like eight. Okay, has it been constant throughout that time or changing?
UNKNOWN: I would say it's been pretty constant, yeah. Okay, and how would you describe the pain? People
UNKNOWN: will use words sometimes like sharp, burning, achy. I'd say it's pretty sharp, yeah. Sharp,
SPEAKER_01: okay. Anything that you have tried since last night that's made the pain better?
SPEAKER_01: Not laying down helps. Okay, so do you find laying down makes the pain worse? Yes, definitely. Okay,
UNKNOWN: do you find that the pain is radiating anywhere? No. Okay, and is there anything else that makes
UNKNOWN: the pain worse besides laying down? Not that I've noticed, no. Okay, so not like taking a
SPEAKER_00: deep breath or anything like that? Maybe taking a deep breath, yeah. Okay, and when the pain
SPEAKER_01: started, could you think of anything that you were doing at the time? I mean,
UNKNOWN: I was moving some furniture around, but I've done that before. Okay, so you didn't feel like
SPEAKER_01: you hurt yourself when you were doing that? No. Okay, and in regards to how severe the pain is
SPEAKER_01: on a scale of one to ten, ten being the worst pain you've ever felt, how severe would you say
SPEAKER_00: the pain is? I'd say it's like a seven or eight. It's pretty bad. Okay, and with the pain, do you
UNKNOWN: have any other associated symptoms? I feel a little lightheaded and I'm having some trouble
UNKNOWN: breathing. Okay, have you had any loss of consciousness? No. Okay, have you been experiencing
SPEAKER_01: any racing of the heart? A little bit, yeah. Okay, and have you been sweaty at all? Just from
SPEAKER_01: having issues breathing. Okay, have you been having issues breathing since the pain started?
SPEAKER_01: Yes. Okay, and recently have you had any periods of time where you have been immobilized or you
UNKNOWN: haven't been able to move around a lot? No, no. Okay, and have you been feeling sick at all,
SPEAKER_01: any infectious symptoms? No. Okay, have you had any nausea or vomiting? No. Any fevers or chills?
SPEAKER_00: No. Okay, how about any abdominal pain? No. Any urinary problems? No. Or bowel problems?
UNKNOWN: No. Okay, have you had a cough? No. Okay, you haven't brought up any blood? No. Okay,
UNKNOWN: have you had a wheeze with your difficulty breathing? No, not that I've heard. Okay,
SPEAKER_01: any changes to the like breath sounds at all, like any noisy breathing?
SPEAKER_00: No. Well, I guess if when I'm really having trouble breathing, yeah. Okay,
SPEAKER_01: has anything like this ever happened to you before? No. No. Okay, and have you had any night sweats?
SPEAKER_01: No. All right, and then how about any rashes or skin changes?
SPEAKER_00: No rashes, but I guess like my neck seems to be a little swollen. Okay, do you have any neck pain?
SPEAKER_01: No. Okay, have you had any like accidents, like a car accident or anything where you
SPEAKER_01: really jerked your neck? No. Okay, any trauma at all to the chest or back? No. No. Okay,
SPEAKER_01: so just in regards to past medical history, do you have any prior medical conditions? No.
SPEAKER_00: No. Okay, any recent hospitalizations? No. Okay, any prior surgeries? No. Okay,
SPEAKER_01: do you take any medications regularly? Are they prescribed or over the counter? No. All right,
SPEAKER_00: how about any allergies to medications? None. All right, any immunizations or are they up to date?
SPEAKER_01: They're all up to date. Excellent. All right, and could you tell me a little bit about your
SPEAKER_00: living situation currently? Sure, I live in an apartment by myself.
SPEAKER_01: Yep, that's about it. Okay, and how do you support yourself financially?
SPEAKER_01: I'm an accountant. Okay, sounds like a pretty stressful job, or that it can be. Do you
SPEAKER_01: smoke cigarettes? I do. Okay, and how much do you smoke? I smoke about a pack a day.
SPEAKER_00: Okay, how long have you been smoking for? For the past 10 to 15 years. Okay, and do you smoke
SPEAKER_01: cannabis? Sometimes. How much marijuana would you smoke per week? Per week? Maybe about five
SPEAKER_01: milligrams, not that much. Okay, and do you use any other recreational drugs like cocaine, crystal
SPEAKER_01: meth, opioids? No. Okay, have you used IV drugs before? No. Okay, and do you drink alcohol?
UNKNOWN: I do. Okay, how much alcohol do you drink each week? About, I'd say I'd have like one or two
UNKNOWN: drinks a day, so about 10 drinks a week. Okay, and then briefly could you tell me a little bit
SPEAKER_00: about your diet and exercise? Sure, I try to eat healthy for dinner at least, but most of my lunches
SPEAKER_00: are, I eat out, and then in terms of exercise, I try to exercise every other day. I run for about
SPEAKER_01: half an hour. Okay, oh that's great that you've been working on the activity and the diets as well.
UNKNOWN: So has anything like this happened in your family before? No. Okay, has anybody in the family had a
SPEAKER_00: heart attack before? Actually yes, my father had a heart attack when he was 45. Okay, and anybody
SPEAKER_00: in the family have cholesterol problems? I think my father did. I see, okay, and how about anybody
SPEAKER_01: in the family have stroke? No strokes. Okay, and then any cancers in the family? No. Okay,
UNKNOWN: was there anything else that you wanted to tell me about today on history?
SPEAKER_00: No, I don't think so, I think you asked me everything.