{
    "transcript": "Speaker 0: That will bring you to clinic today.\nSpeaker 1: Hi, so I feel like I might have a bladder infection.\nSpeaker 1: I see a urologist because I've had some issues with like an overactive bladder for a while.\nSpeaker 1: I've had a few bladder infections in the past and this is usually how how they feel.\nSpeaker 1: I feel like a little bit of burning when I go to the bathroom and I have to go like a lot right now.\nSpeaker 1: But then also sometimes it means that like it gets like this when I have my period.\nSpeaker 1: And I don't have my period right now but I you know I could be getting it but I also just don't\nSpeaker 1: want to let it go keep going if I do have an infection. I'd just like rather get it treated if I do.\nSpeaker 0: Okay, understood. When was your last period?\nSpeaker 1: Um like two weeks ago?\nSpeaker 0: About two weeks ago. Are you fairly regular?\nSpeaker 1: Like yes and no. It's not super irregular but I sometimes have like it basically it's like I\nSpeaker 1: alternate sometimes I my cycle's like four weeks and sometimes it's more like five.\nSpeaker 0: Sorry, let's clarify again. You're 30 years old?\nSpeaker 1: Yeah, I'm 30. Okay. Are you going to go contraception right now?\nSpeaker 0: Uh no, I'm not. Okay, are you sexually active at all?\nSpeaker 0: No. No? Okay. So just in terms of your you're in a retract infections, what was your last one?\nSpeaker 1: Yeah.\nSpeaker 1: Uh I had one like three months ago maybe.\nSpeaker 0: Three months ago? Okay. And it prescribed you antibiotics and it went away fairly quickly.\nSpeaker 1: Yeah, yeah, I went away. Like I always I always have an overactive bladder and I always have to go\nSpeaker 1: pretty frequently like every hour sometimes half hour but uh so that's still there but like it hasn't\nSpeaker 1: since then I haven't had any like pain. Okay, so you still have quite a you have a quite a bit of\nSpeaker 0: urgency to go kind of keep getting more frequently but I suppose the new thing that you're a little\nSpeaker 0: bit concerned about is that it burns a little bit. Stings a little bit when you do yearning.\nSpeaker 1: My understanding crackling? Exactly. Like for the past couple days it felt like that.\nSpeaker 0: Okay, has it been getting progressively worse at all?\nSpeaker 1: Um maybe a little bit. I feel like now I can recognize it pretty early when it's not too bad to kind\nSpeaker 0: of get ahead of it. Okay, understood. And do you have any pain kind of behind your ribs at all?\nSpeaker 1: When you're back. So I can repeat that? You haven't had any pain on your back, middle back kind of\nSpeaker 0: and have you noticed any changes to the quality of the urine?\nSpeaker 0: Oh, uh for example, is it frothy or smelled bad?\nSpeaker 1: It maybe looks like a little cloudy. Um but nothing nothing else out of the ordinary. Like\nSpeaker 1: I've never had blood in it or anything. Understood. Have you noticed any visual changes in the area\nSpeaker 0: here for John? No, not that I can see any other lesions, anything like that. Anything\nSpeaker 1: concerned for an STI that you're worried about? No, and like I haven't had a sexual partner in\nSpeaker 1: a few years. Understood. These are kind of questions that we ask when someone's having a little\nSpeaker 0: bit of maybe an issue holding in their urine. Um but you're a felt any numbness or inability to feel\nSpeaker 0: kind of around your buttocks region. For example, when you wipe with tissue paper, can you feel\nSpeaker 1: that well? Oh yeah, I can feel everything. Okay, and no changes to your boobs, to your balance?\nSpeaker 1: No, it's pretty normal. Okay, and how do you feel otherwise?\nSpeaker 1: Oh, I mean I feel I feel a little tired. I felt like a little hot yesterday. I don't have\nSpeaker 1: that thermometer, so I didn't take my temperature, but you know sometimes I feel a little hot like\nSpeaker 1: when I've had the infections before. Okay, you don't have any swelling on your anywhere on your\nSpeaker 1: body, on your ankles, do you? No. No. Okay, and then so no puffiness around your eyes that you've\nSpeaker 1: noticed? No, I don't know. Any rashes or any changes on your face?\nSpeaker 1: Like my mom said, I I saw my mom earlier and she said I looked like a little flushed, but\nSpeaker 1: it's not not like a rash or anything. No, no markings across the bridge of your nose and your\nSpeaker 0: cheeks. No. Okay, and then in regards otherwise you feel a little flushed, a little tired, any other\nSpeaker 1: medical issues that you have? No, just this like overactive bladder thing. Okay, and have\nSpeaker 1: you get they're giving you any medications for it? We try to see different ones before and now I get\nSpeaker 1: I get Botox injections into the bladder like maybe twice a year. Anything else you've used recently?\nSpeaker 0: Like any medications you're on right now, I suppose? No, nothing, no, nothing else.\nSpeaker 1: I guess I have like I have an inhaler, but I don't use it all the time. Like I haven't had\nSpeaker 1: too many. Oh, so you have asthma? Yeah, like I honestly don't feel like I have it very much now,\nSpeaker 1: but I still have like I still have inhaler. Understood, understood. Anything else you've taken\nSpeaker 1: medications for in the past? I used to take first control like the pill, but like I just I don't\nSpeaker 1: have a boyfriend right now and I didn't really feel like I needed it otherwise. Understood, understood.\nSpeaker 1: And have you had any past surgeries? I had my tundrax out when I was 24. That's it though.\nSpeaker 0: Okay, got it. And then just in terms of you yourself, do you live in London?\nSpeaker 1: Yeah, I do. Okay, how would you do for work? I work at a bank.\nSpeaker 1: Okay, do you have any children? No. Okay, and in regards to anything, so any sick contacts?\nSpeaker 1: Uh, no. Any recent travel? No. Any allergies?\nSpeaker 1: Uh, like sometimes in this ring, I'll get like a little stuffy, but\nSpeaker 0: okay, sounds pretty. Little like, yeah. The nothing too concerned. No drug allergies.\nSpeaker 0: No, nothing like that. Got it, got it. Okay, I think what now I'll do next, I'll move to a physical exam.\nSpeaker 0: I think we might just do some investigations just in order to get some more information.\nSpeaker 0: And then the physician will come in to see you, okay?\nSpeaker 1: Well, thank you.\nSpeaker 1: No problem.\n",
    "subjective": "A 30-year-old female patient presents with symptoms of urinary urgency and frequency, accompanied by a burning sensation during urination. She reports these symptoms have been present for several days, with some improvement in recognizing the early stages. The patient has had similar issues with overactive bladder in the past, including three months ago when she experienced a bladder infection treated with antibiotics. Currently, her periods are irregular, with cycles ranging from 4-5 weeks, and she is not sexually active. She denies any pain or numbness in the lower back region, changes in urination, or visual symptoms such as lesions or rashes.",
    "objective": "The patient's physical examination reveals normal findings on the buttocks and around the area of concern. The patient's urine quality appears cloudy but has no visible blood, and there are no other abnormalities noted. The patient reports feeling tired, slightly hot, and flushed, but denies any swelling or puffiness. Her medical history includes overactive bladder, a previous tubal ligation at 24 years old, asthma for which she uses an inhaler occasionally, and past use of the birth control pill.",
    "assessment": "The patient's symptoms are suggestive of a urinary tract infection (UTI), possibly due to her irregular periods and potential bacterial colonization. The physical examination findings do not indicate any other underlying conditions or abnormalities. ",
    "plan": "Order urinalysis and urine culture to confirm the presence of an infection. Provide symptomatic treatment with antibiotics, if indicated by lab results. Consider further investigation for underlying causes, such as a UTI. Schedule follow-up appointment to review lab results and adjust treatment plan as needed.",
    "file": "GEN0001.mp3"
}