{
    "transcript": "Speaker 1: way help you. Hi Chris. So I was playing soccer the other day and I got kicked in the knee\nSpeaker 1: and since then my knee has been hurting and it looks a little bit red and a little bit\nSpeaker 1: swollen on the medial aspect of my right knee.\nSpeaker 0: Okay and and this started right after the kick at soccer. Yes. Okay and how many days ago\nSpeaker 0: was this? This was two days ago. Okay since then as the pain didn't get any better or worse\nSpeaker 0: or staying the same. No it's staying the same or a little bit worse. Okay. Could you describe\nSpeaker 0: the pain? Is it sharp, achy? Yeah it's pretty sharp. Okay and do you feel the pain\nSpeaker 0: radiates anywhere like down the leg or up into the thigh? I know. Okay. Any pain? The post year\nSpeaker 0: your aspect of the knee or the lateral aspect? No. Okay. And is there anything that makes\nSpeaker 0: the pain worse? I guess if I press on that area or I try to, I don't know, flex or extend my knee\nSpeaker 0: too much. Okay and anything that you've tried to make the pain better?\nSpeaker 0: Some ice helps. Okay and have you noticed swelling over the area? Just a little bit.\nSpeaker 0: Okay and redness as well? Yes. Okay and what would you say the severity of the pain is\nSpeaker 0: tend being the worst pain that you've ever felt and one being low intensity pain? I give it about\nSpeaker 0: a five. Okay and if you had any injuries or any knee pain before? No. Okay and at the time of\nSpeaker 1: the injury, did you hear a pop sound or any kinds of sounds like that? I don't recall. Okay and how about\nSpeaker 0: any difficulties walking or having any knee instability? A little bit only when I like try to\nSpeaker 0: extend or flex my knee too much. Okay and all right so have you been experiencing any other symptoms?\nSpeaker 1: No. All right just to be comprehensive I'll run through a review so have you been having any\nSpeaker 0: headaches? No. Any sensory changes like changes to vision, hearing, smell or taste? No. Okay any\nSpeaker 1: eye symptoms or ear symptoms? No. Have you had a runny nose or sore throat? No. We got a cough? No.\nSpeaker 1: Any shortness of breath? No. Have you had any wheezing? No. Have you had any chest pain? No.\nSpeaker 1: Any heart palpitations or heart racing? No. Okay have you had any fainting or dizziness? No.\nSpeaker 1: All right have you had any nausea or vomiting? No. Have you had any changes to your appetite? Like\nSpeaker 1: no. Have you had any weight loss unexpectedly? No. Okay have you had any abdominal pain?\nSpeaker 1: No. Any changes to bowel habits? Like diarrhea, constipation? No.\nSpeaker 1: Okay have you had any urinary problems like pain or frequency? No. All right and have you had any\nSpeaker 1: skin changes such as rat rashes or anything like that? No. Okay any joint pains anywhere else?\nSpeaker 0: No. Okay and any fatigue? No. Okay and in the past have you had or have you been diagnosed with\nSpeaker 0: any medical conditions? I know. Okay do you have any allergies to medications? No. No. Not that I know of.\nSpeaker 1: Are you currently taking any medications? No. All right and have you had any surgeries or hospitalizations\nSpeaker 0: before? No. Okay and can you tell me a little bit about your living situation? Like who you're\nSpeaker 1: living with and whereabouts? Sure. I live with both my parents and three of my siblings.\nSpeaker 1: Okay I know you're going to school. I am. I'm in my last year of grade 12. Okay. That's good.\nSpeaker 1: I know how has that been going. It's been going okay. We've been doing part online part in person.\nSpeaker 1: Okay have you been around anybody who's been sick? No. All right and in you play soccer do you play any other sports?\nSpeaker 0: I play football. Okay cool and any injuries before to your knee or anything like that?\nSpeaker 0: I know. Not in the past. All right. And do you smoke cigarettes? No. Do you drink alcohol? No.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. I'm in to use any recreational drugs like marijuana or anything else? No. Okay. Are you currently\nSpeaker 1: sexually active? I am. Okay. Are you in a relationship? I am. We've been together for a year.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. Is there any concern for sexually transmitted infection? No. We were both tested.\nSpeaker 0: Okay great. And any chance that you could be pregnant? No. Okay.\nSpeaker 1: And in the family are there any musculoskeletal or neurological conditions?\nSpeaker 0: No. Okay. And so that was everything I wanted to ask on history. So for the physical exam when\nSpeaker 1: I'm inspecting the knee, are you seeing any joint effusions or joint swelling or echinosis or bruising?\nSpeaker 1: It looks, it's not a bruise, it looks red and I would say it's a little bit swollen on the\nSpeaker 0: medial aspect only. Okay. Is there any muscle atrophy? No. Okay. And is there any\nSpeaker 0: misalignment or joint deformities? No. Not that I notice. Okay.\nSpeaker 0: Okay. And on gait or walking, is there any limb for antelgy? No. If you're able to walk normally?\nSpeaker 1: I'm able to walk normally. It hurts but I think I'm walking okay. Okay. And\nSpeaker 0: nexus or any changes to temperature? Like does the joints itself feel hot? No. Okay. And are there any\nSpeaker 1: areas of the joint line itself of the knee that is paying to palpation? Just the medial part of it\nSpeaker 1: like I guess where the ligament would be? Okay. So just let me, okay. Any pain over the patella?\nSpeaker 1: No. Any pain over the tuberosity or patella tendon? No. Any pain over the\nSpeaker 1: fibular head or the lateral part of the knee? No. Any pain in the calf or the thigh muscles?\nSpeaker 0: No. Any pain in the hamstring muscles? No. Okay. And\nSpeaker 1: is there any pain to a like various stress of the knee?\nSpeaker 1: To the various stress. I guess there would be pain if I press down in that area.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. And is there any joint, yeah, joint laxity or pain to like a valgus stress of the knee?\nSpeaker 1: Yeah. So when I press, when I do that, it hurts on the medial aspect but not the lateral aspect.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. And does it feel as though there's some like the joints opening more when you put the valgus\nSpeaker 0: stress? A little bit, yes. Okay. And is there any instability moving that tibia anteriorly if\nSpeaker 0: you're like pull it outwards? No. And how about if you pull the tibia posteriorly any instability?\nSpeaker 0: No. Okay. And is there full range of motion of the knee? Yes. And full range of motion of the hip\nSpeaker 0: band ankle? Yes. Okay. And then do you have any like numbness, tingling or muscle weakness? No.\nSpeaker 0: Okay. And any sensory changes to the skin? No. Okay. And reflexes are normal.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. So I think that was everything I wanted to ask and kind of go through on the physical exam.\nSpeaker 1: Did you have any other questions or anything that maybe I forgot to mention today?\nSpeaker 1: No, that was it. Just what can I do about my knee?\nSpeaker 1: Yeah. So right now it's sounding like this could be an MCL or medial collateral ligament strain or\nSpeaker 1: injury. And so these types of injuries are usually treated conservatively like with things like\nSpeaker 1: NSAIDS or anti-inflammatories to help the pain and swelling. If the pain depending on how\nSpeaker 1: severe it is, it might be useful to use maybe crutches for a day or two to try to help let the\nSpeaker 1: pain subside and allow you to be able to do some physical therapy exercises like strengthening\nSpeaker 1: the quadriceps and hamstring muscles. But typically injuries that are lower grade will heal within two\nSpeaker 1: weeks and if it's more severe it could take a bit longer. And although it's most likely an MCL\nSpeaker 1: injury that you're describing it could be a medial meniscal injury as well or possibly even a\nSpeaker 1: percitis at the medial aspect of the knee. But the treatment to start with will be the same and\nSpeaker 0: maybe we'll get a knee x-ray if things aren't improving. Okay, that sounds good. Thank you.\n",
    "subjective": "Patient presents with complaint of right knee pain following a soccer injury, two days ago. The pain is sharp and worsens with activity, particularly bending or extending the knee. Patient reports redness and swelling on the medial aspect of the knee. Currently, the pain is rated as 5/10. No previous injuries or knee problems.",
    "objective": "Physical exam reveals redness and mild swelling on the medial aspect of the right knee. Joint effusion is present but not significant. No muscle atrophy or misalignment noted. Patient has full range of motion in the knee, hip, and ankle. Reflexes are normal. Palpation of the medial aspect of the knee elicits pain.",
    "assessment": "Likely diagnosis is a Medial Collateral Ligament (MCL) strain or injury. Possible differential diagnoses include Medial Meniscal Injury or Percitis at the medial aspect of the knee.",
    "plan": "Initial treatment will be conservative management with NSAIDs/anti-inflammatories to help pain and swelling. Patient may use crutches for a day or two to aid in recovery. Regular follow-up appointments to monitor progress. Possible x-ray if symptoms do not improve.",
    "file": "MSK0008.mp3"
}