{
    "transcript": "Speaker 1: brings in here today. Hi there. I've just last night I was I went for a run and I twisted my ankle,\nSpeaker 1: I think. I stepped on something and it really hurts. Okay and so when did you have the injury?\nSpeaker 1: It was just yesterday. Okay. Yeah, it was just yesterday that it happened. Okay and do you remember if\nSpeaker 0: you twisted it, so you twisted your ankle like did it twist inwards or outwards? Inwards, yeah. I\nSpeaker 0: feel like I inverted my ankle. Okay and so since then were you able to stand up and were you not\nSpeaker 0: able to bear any weight? No, I was able to kind of finish the I just finished the lock. I was able to\nSpeaker 1: walk home because it didn't hurt that bad immediately. It was a bit painful but the pain really started\nSpeaker 0: a few hours later and has been pretty much constant ever since. Okay. Okay so it kind of got worse\nSpeaker 0: over time over the last day. Mm-hmm. Yeah and do you notice any kind of bruising, redness,\nSpeaker 0: falling, any skin changes? No, I haven't really noticed really any swelling or\nSpeaker 1: or skin changes. Yeah, no skin changes and no swelling. Okay and how would you describe the\nSpeaker 0: pain? Is it like a dull aching pain or a sharp stabbing pain? Dull and achy. Okay. Okay and as this\nSpeaker 0: happened to you and your ankle before? I feel like I've done something like this when I was younger\nSpeaker 1: maybe playing basketball or something like this when I was a kid. Yeah, I've twisted my ankle before.\nSpeaker 1: Okay and does this pain just staying, where's the pain exactly on the right side of your ankle or on\nSpeaker 0: your left like interior side? It's on the right kind of outside of the ankle. Okay and which ankle\nSpeaker 0: is this just to clarify? Oh sorry, on the right ankle. Okay so it hurts on the right side of the\nSpeaker 0: the pain, radiate or move anywhere left in your feet. Oh it can kind of feel it around on the\nSpeaker 0: the sole of my foot as well, mostly on the outside though. Okay and is there anything that makes the\nSpeaker 0: pain better or worse? It gets worse really if I move my ankle or if I'm standing on it. Okay and\nSpeaker 0: anything that makes it better? Just if I rest and avoid moving it. Okay. Have you noticed any\nSpeaker 0: fevers or chills? No. Okay. Any pain in any other joints besides your ankle? No just my right ankle.\nSpeaker 0: Okay. Any appetite or weight changes? No I've been just training for this race coming up so\nSpeaker 1: I mean I've been just trying to work on my fitness a little bit but my weight's been relatively stable.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. Any weakness in your right right extremities or any kind of numbness or tingling sensation?\nSpeaker 1: No numbness or tingling and no muscle weakness either. Okay. All right. Have you diagnosed with any\nSpeaker 0: medical conditions in the past? I had diarrhea a few months ago and I was given a fluoroquine alone\nSpeaker 0: as an antibiotic. Okay. So those two months ago? Okay. Any medications that you're on currently?\nSpeaker 0: I take vitamin D and some other vitamins to... Vitamin A as well I guess to just help my skin and\nSpeaker 0: and then the vitamin D for my bones. Okay. Any allergies to any medications or any environmental issues?\nSpeaker 0: No allergies. No. Okay. Any hospitalizations or previous surgeries? No. Okay. Any family\nSpeaker 1: history of any musculoskeletal conditions, any rheumatological conditions, anything that you know of?\nSpeaker 1: My grandparents have arthritis and my dad had had gallp before. Okay. And do your grandparents have\nSpeaker 1: rheumatoid arthritis or osteoarthritis? Do you know? I think osteoarthritis. Okay. And do you currently work?\nSpeaker 0: I do. Yeah. I work as a software engineer. Okay. And what's your living situation like currently?\nSpeaker 1: Right now I'm actually just living alone in an apartment. Okay. And do you smoke it all?\nSpeaker 1: No. Never. I can't with with all this like training for the race and stuff like that.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. That's good. Any recreational drugs like marijuana, cocaine, heroin, anything like that before?\nSpeaker 1: No. I've never used anything like that in the past. Okay. And how about alcohol?\nSpeaker 1: I rarely all have maybe an asoon like once every couple of months, but it's pretty infrequent.\nSpeaker 1: Okay. All right. So I just have a few questions. So right now over your right ankle, do you have,\nSpeaker 1: so you mentioned you don't have any swelling, but do you notice any kind of redness or warmth at all?\nSpeaker 1: No, nothing like that. Okay. And if you press down on your ankle, does it hurt a lot?\nSpeaker 0: I a little bit of pain on it right outside, but it's not, wait, it doesn't hurt that bad.\nSpeaker 0: So no, yeah, I'll say no. Okay. And if you kind of are you able to\nSpeaker 0: move your ankle at all? I can. Yeah, I can move it around a little bit. I'm trying to avoid that though,\nSpeaker 1: just because it does hurt, but I can move it around. Okay. And are you able to stand up and walk or\nSpeaker 1: are you not able to do that right now? I can. Yeah, just short periods of time because it's\nSpeaker 1: just the pain, but I can walk on it. Okay.\nSpeaker 1: Yeah, so definitely what we'll do is we might need to get like a proper physical examination done\nSpeaker 1: to make sure there's no fracture. Most likely though, it seems that this may just be an ankle\nSpeaker 0: sprain and due to you inverting your ankle the other day. What we can do is usually we just\nSpeaker 1: immobilize the ankle and then recommend applying ice. You can take some\nSpeaker 1: and says like add those for pain to help you. And it should get better on its own with some\nSpeaker 1: physiotherapy later on as well. However, if we find that on physical examination, you are having\nSpeaker 1: significant pain on palpation or any kind of bony pain, we might also require you to get an x-ray\nSpeaker 1: of the right foot and ankle as well as just your lower leg. So yeah, we'll have you come in person\nSpeaker 0: and then go from there and see if you need an x-ray. Okay, that sounds good. Thank you.\nSpeaker 0: Great, take care. Bye.\n",
    "subjective": "A 30-year-old male patient presented with a complaint of right ankle pain following a twisting injury during a run the previous day. The pain is described as dull and achy, located on the outside of the right ankle, and radiating to the sole of the foot. The pain worsened over time and is exacerbated by movement or weight-bearing activities. The patient reports no fever, chills, numbness, tingling, or muscle weakness. He has a history of diarrhea treated with fluoroquine two months ago and currently takes vitamin D and other supplements for skin and bone health. There are no allergies or previous surgeries mentioned.",
    "objective": "The physical examination revealed a non-swollen right ankle with no redness, warmth, or skin changes. The patient can move the ankle slightly but experiences pain when bearing weight or moving the ankle. There is no significant pain on palpation, and the patient does not report any bony pain. The patient's vital signs are not provided in this conversation.",
    "assessment": "The patient's symptoms are consistent with an ankle sprain due to inversion of the ankle during a run. A physical examination may be required to confirm the diagnosis and rule out any fractures or other injuries.",
    "plan": "The patient will undergo further evaluation, including a physical examination and possibly an x-ray if significant pain on palpation or bony pain is present. Initial treatment includes immobilization of the ankle, application of ice, and pain management with medication. Follow-up physiotherapy may be recommended to aid in recovery.",
    "file": "MSK0004.mp3"
}